feat(genapi): add tutorial chatbox (#4455)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-chatboxai-with-generative-apis/index.mdx

- **Android:** Download and install the application from [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xyz.chatboxapp.chatbox).

### Installing from source (advanced)

For advanced users, Chatbox AI can be built from source:

1. Clone the Chatbox AI repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Bin-Huang/chatbox.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd chatbox
   ```
3. Install dependencies using `npm`:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the application in development mode to verify it is working:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
5. Build the application and package the installer for your current platform:
   ```sh
   npm run package
   ```
6. (Optional) Build installers for all platforms:
   ```sh
   npm run package:all
   ```

For detailed installation instructions, refer to the [Chatbox GitHub repository](https://github.com/Bin-Huang/chatbox).

## Linking Chatbox AI with Scaleway Generative APIs

To use Scaleway Generative APIs with Chatbox AI, follow these steps:

1. Open the Chatbox AI application on your device.
2. Click on the **settings icon** in the application's sidebar.

> 3. Navigate to the **Model** tab and configure a new provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the **Model** tab, select **Model Provider** dropdown, and configure a new provider:
```

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Bin-Huang/chatbox.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd chatbox
   ```
3. Install dependencies using `npm`:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the application in development mode to verify it is working:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
5. Build the application and package the installer for your current platform:
   ```sh
   npm run package
   ```
6. (Optional) Build installers for all platforms:
   ```sh
   npm run package:all
   ```

For detailed installation instructions, refer to the [Chatbox GitHub repository](https://github.com/Bin-Huang/chatbox).

## Linking Chatbox AI with Scaleway Generative APIs

To use Scaleway Generative APIs with Chatbox AI, follow these steps:

1. Open the Chatbox AI application on your device.
2. Click on the **settings icon** in the application's sidebar.
3. Navigate to the **Model** tab and configure a new provider:
   - Click **Add Custom Provider** and enter:
     - **API Mode:** `OpenAI API Compatible`
     - **Name:** Scaleway
     - **API Host:** `https://api.scaleway.ai/v1/`
     - **API Path:** (leave empty)
     - **API Key:** Your Scaleway API key

>      - **Model:** Choose a [supported model](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/).

Author: ```suggestion
     - **Model:** Enter the name of a [supported model](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/).
```
